# Project Name

> Project description

## Related Projects
###Proxy Projects
  - https://github.com/Team-Sokka/proxy-local-map
  - https://github.com/Team-Sokka/Proxy-Listings-Carousel
  - https://github.com/Team-Sokka/Proxy-Image-Gallery
###Non-Proxy
  - https://github.com/Team-Sokka/Image-Gallery
  - https://github.com/Team-Sokka/Listings-Carousel

## Table of Contents

1. [Usage](#Usage)
1. [Requirements](#requirements)
1. [Development](#development)

## Usage

> Some usage instructions

## Requirements

An `nvmrc` file is included if using [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm).

- Node 6.13.0
- etc

## Development

### Installing Dependencies

From within the root directory:

```sh
npm install -g webpack
npm install
```


# React Component Breakdown

##App - Holds all other components
###Child React Components
  - Modal
###Styled Components
  - MapModuleContainer - Parent Container of all IndividualMapContainers
  - InvidividualMapContainer - container
  - MapTile - img
  - MapTitle - text
  - MapSubtitle - Text’

###State
  - modalVisible - boolean on whether the modal should be hidden. t
  - currentHouse - object to hold information about the current house
  - currentPlaces - Array of all the ‘places’ being displayed on the map from external API’s
  - shopAndEatMarkers - holds all markers generated by createShopAndEatMarkers
  - Location - object to hold latitude and longitude coordinates for the current house
  - CurrentMapView - an object of boolean key/value pairs corresponding to their map view.
    - basic
    - streetView
    - schools
    - crime
    - commute
    - shopAndEat

###Methods
  - componentDidMount()
    - Invoked when component mounts
    - Invokes pullParams() and assigns to a ‘params’ var
    - Sends a GET request to /house/${params.id} to retrieve information about the house
      - Primary purpose is to find the coordinates to use as a center point for the map

  - pullParams()
    - Parsing function to parse parameters passed into the url

  - initializeMap()
    - Creates a new Google Map with a center point based on the current state of location

  - getShopAndEatMarkers()
    - Sends a GET request to Yelp based on the current location
      - Then invokes createShopAndEatMarkers
      - And sets the state of currentPlaces

  - createShopAndEatMarkers(array)
    - Takes an array of businesses generated by the Yelp API and for each business creates: 1). A marker, 2). An infoWindow 3). An event listener for mousing over the infowindow, 4). An event listener for mousing out of the infoWindow.
    - Icons are determined based on the first recognized category
    - Also sets the state for shopAndEatMarkers

  - basicMap()
    - Sets state of the ‘basic’ key in currentMapView, and sets all other keys to false.
    - Invokes clearAllMarkers
    - If the modal is not hidden - toggles the modal (closes it)


  - toggleModal()
    - Changes the state of modalVisible to hide or show the modal.
    - Checks the state of modalVisible
    - Sets the state of modalVisible to its opposite

  - showState()
    - Helper function useful for debugging.
    - Displays App’s current state.

  - shopAndEatMap()
    - Sets state of the ‘shopAndEat’ key in currentMapView, and sets all other keys to false.
    - Invokes getShopAndEatMarkers()
    - Toggles modal if modal is hidden

  - streetViewMap()
    - Skeleton function (i.e. needs further development)
    - Sets state of the ‘streetView’ key in currentMapView, and sets all other keys to false.
    - Invokes clearAllMarkers
    - Toggles modal if modal is hidden

  - schoolsMap()
    - Skeleton function (i.e. needs further development)
    - Sets state of the ‘schools’ key in currentMapView, and sets all other keys to false.
    - Invokes clearAllMarkers
    - Toggles modal if modal is hidden

  - crimeMap()
    - Skeleton function (i.e. needs further development)
    - Sets state of the ‘crime’ key in currentMapView, and sets all other keys to false.
    - Invokes clearAllMarkers
    - Toggles modal if modal is hidden

  - commuteMap()
    - Skeleton function (i.e. needs further development)
    - Sets state of the ‘commute’ key in currentMapView, and sets all other keys to false.
    - Invokes clearAllMarkers
    - Toggles modal if modal is hidden

  - clearAllMarkers()
    - Iterates through each marker in the state variable shopAndEatMarkers, and for each marker invokes it’s setMap method, passing in ‘null’ as an argument
      - This removes the marker from the map


###
-
